README.md, before:

# fprime-baremetal

Add this project as a git submodule to your project, and then list the folder as a library in your settings.ini file.

This project provides components designed for baremetal F´ deployments with the intention of reducing memory usage.

## baremetal-size

This package also includes a baremetal sizing utility that measures the .bss size of each F´ component and deployment, as well
as provides a recommendation of configuration values to reduce memory usage.

To install or upgrade this utility, clone this repository and run:
```shell
# In fprime-baremetal
pip install --upgrade .
```

Usage:
```shell
baremetal-size {build}
```

Change `{build}` to your specific build (i.e. `teensy41`, `featherM0`, etc.)

## Tracking memory allocation done by new & delete
fprime-baremental includes a feature which overrides the default implementations of new, new[], delete, and delete[] with calls to a Fw::MallocAllocator class. 
There are also helper functions for registering a Fw::MallocAllocator and for setting the default memoryId to be used when allocating memory. 
This feature is disabled by default, it can be enabled by setting FPRIME_BAREMENTAL_OVERRIDE_NEW_DELETE in your project's top level CMakeLists.txt.
One example of how to leverage this feature is the StrictMallocAllocator class in fprime-vorago

Commit message:

Removed FPRIME_BAREMETAL_OVERRIDE_NEW_DELETE macro & updated documentation

README.md, after:

# fprime-baremetal

Add this project as a git submodule to your project, and then list the folder as a library in your settings.ini file.

This project provides components designed for baremetal F´ deployments with the intention of reducing memory usage.

## baremetal-size

This package also includes a baremetal sizing utility that measures the .bss size of each F´ component and deployment, as well
as provides a recommendation of configuration values to reduce memory usage.

To install or upgrade this utility, clone this repository and run:
```shell
# In fprime-baremetal
pip install --upgrade .
```

Usage:
```shell
baremetal-size {build}
```

Change `{build}` to your specific build (i.e. `teensy41`, `featherM0`, etc.)

## Tracking memory allocation done by new & delete
fprime-baremental includes a feature which overrides the default implementations of new, new[], delete, and delete[] with calls to a Fw::MallocAllocator class. 
There are also helper functions for registering a Fw::MallocAllocator and for setting the default memoryId to be used when allocating memory. 
This feature is disabled by default, it can be enabled by including the OverrideNewDelete module. One example of how to leverage this feature is the StrictMallocAllocator class in fprime-vorago
